README.md, before:

# Discogs Crate Digger

[![Package Version][package-image]][package-url]
[![Open Issues][issues-image]][issues-url]
[![Build Status][build-image]][build-url]
[![Coverage Status][coverage-image]][coverage-url]

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g discogs-crate-digger
```

## Usage

When using the command it will trigger an oauth flow with spotify asking for access to create a playlist on your behalf

```bash
discogs-crate-digger <username>
```

or

```bash
dcd <username>
```

[project-url]: https://github.com/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger
[package-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/discogs-crate-digger.svg
[package-url]: https://badge.fury.io/js/discogs-crate-digger
[issues-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger.svg?style=popout
[issues-url]: https://github.com/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger/issues
[build-image]: https://travis-ci.org/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger.svg?branch=master
[build-url]: https://travis-ci.org/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger
[coverage-image]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger/badge.svg?branch=master
[coverage-url]: https://coveralls.io/github/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger?branch=master

Commit message:

Add genre filtering to collection dig (#14)
* Add in option in commander to specify genres

* Add specific filtering functionality for collection

* add base case filtering for no genres to filter

* update readme and package version

README.md, after:

# Discogs Crate Digger

[![Package Version][package-image]][package-url]
[![Open Issues][issues-image]][issues-url]
[![Build Status][build-image]][build-url]
[![Coverage Status][coverage-image]][coverage-url]

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g discogs-crate-digger
```

## Usage

When using the command it will trigger an oauth flow with spotify asking for access to create a playlist on your behalf

```bash
discogs-crate-digger <username>
dcd <username>
```

To dig through a users collection instead of their marketplace you can use the collection flag

```bash
dcd <username> --collection
```

You can also use genre filters on collections (but not on marketplaces)

```bash
dcd <username> --collection --genres Electronic Jazz
```

[project-url]: https://github.com/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger
[package-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/discogs-crate-digger.svg
[package-url]: https://badge.fury.io/js/discogs-crate-digger
[issues-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger.svg?style=popout
[issues-url]: https://github.com/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger/issues
[build-image]: https://travis-ci.org/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger.svg?branch=master
[build-url]: https://travis-ci.org/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger
[coverage-image]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger/badge.svg?branch=master
[coverage-url]: https://coveralls.io/github/domcull3n/discogs-crate-digger?branch=master
